$Id: //modules/console/README#5 $

==================
The console module
==================

This kit contains a simple console interface for Windows 9X/NT/2K/XP.
It provides a cursor-addressable text display, plus support for
keyboard and mouse input.

The console interface also comes with a command editing and history
implementation (readline) for Windows platforms.

Enjoy /F

fredrik@pythonware.com
http://www.pythonware.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------
The Windows Console Interface is

Copyright (c) 1999-2001 by Secret Labs AB
Copyright (c) 1999-2001 by Fredrik Lundh

By obtaining, using, and/or copying this software and/or its
associated documentation, you agree that you have read, understood,
and will comply with the following terms and conditions:

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
associated documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appears in all
copies, and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice
appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of Secret Labs
AB or the author not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.

SECRET LABS AB AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SECRET LABS AB OR THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
--------------------------------------------------------------------

release info
------------

This is the second public release.

Comments, bug reports, and patches are welcome.  Send them to
fredrik@pythonware.com.

Note that this is free software, with limited support.  If you need
commercial support on this module, please contact info@pythonware.com.

contents
--------

README		  this file

Console.htm	  documentation

_wincon.c	  the low-level driver for Win32

Console.py	  high-level interface

readline.py	  (experimental) command history and editing for Windows.
		  to enable this module, just put it on the Python path.

setup.py	  build/installation script

*.html            documentation

demo*.py	  various demo and test scripts	
tests/*.py
